Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. It
is the first morning of the new year. With a pure heart,
I send my best wishes for the new year to
all fellow practitioners and their families. May the elderly always be
healthy, and the children always be well-behaved. May all fellow practitioners be free from
worries and always be peaceful and joyful.
Wishing you a happy new year! May
our whole family be bustling with joy in the practice of
Bodhisattva virtues.
[Music]
Hello, hello Dad! The New Year is almost here!
Our whole family is excited and bustling. We're going with Grandma and Grandpa to
buy new clothes. We're busy preparing and cleaning the
house, with firecrackers, canals, flowers, gifts, oranges,
pomelos, and trees... and suddenly, flying... Hello, hello Dad! Are you
coming home soon? We all just long for you to come home for the
New Year. The village is so
cheerful, the clothes are so beautiful. Hello, hello my
dear child, this is the New Year's gift, this is
for Grandma and Grandpa, and this part is for Mom and
me. Our home is in your heart.
Dad, I'm waiting for you.
Dad, I'm waiting for you. I love you, I love you.
When you and Grandma die, may you and the whole family
ascend to the afterlife. Wishing Grandma and Grandpa a long
life.  Live well! Wishing the
children to be studious and well-behaved, and may
all things be as you wish. Wishing
peace and love to all families.
No matter where Dad is, our home is still like
Tet Doan. The whole family goes to the temple to pray for good fortune.
Wishing grandparents long life and good health.
Wishing the children to be studious and well-behaved, and may all things be
as you wish. Wishing the whole
family peace and
love.